feat: leverage react-native-brownfield (#472)
callstackincubator/rock: website/src/docs/brownfield/android.mdx

## 2. Set Up the AAR Gradle Plugin

> We need a special Gradle plugin to create an AAR that includes all dependencies. We'll use the [brownfield-gradle-plugin](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-brownfield/tree/main/gradle-plugins/react) by callstack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need a special Gradle plugin to create an AAR that includes all dependencies. We'll use the [brownfield-gradle-plugin](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-brownfield/tree/main/gradle-plugins/react).
```

Create a new file called `ReactNativeHostManager.kt` in your `rnbrownfield` module:

> > Note: The `loadReactNative` call is only required if you're on RN version >= 0.80.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `loadReactNative` call is only required if you're on React Native version >= 0.80.0.
> If you're on lower version, skip it.
```
